Traces: Span bar label (#50931)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/jaeger.md

-- **Enable Node Graph -** Enables the Node Graph visualization.

### Span bar label

> This is a configuration for the span bar label. The span bar label lets you add additional info to the span bar row.
> 
> One of the following four options can be selected (the default is duration):
> 
> - **None -** Do no show any additional info on the span bar row.
> - **Duration -** Show the span duration on the span bar row.
> - **Tag -** Show the span tag on the span bar row. Note: You will also need to specify the tag key which will be used to get the tag value. For example `span.kind`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the span bar label. The span bar label allows you add additional information to the span bar row.

Select one of the following four options. The default selection is Duration.

- **None -** Do not show any additional information on the span bar row.
- **Duration -** Show the span duration on the span bar row.
- **Tag -** Show the span tag on the span bar row. Note: You will also need to specify the tag key to use to get the tag value. For example, `span.kind`.
```
